The microcontroller controls a servo motor using pulse width modulation (PWM) technique. 
It also utilizes interrupts to handle button inputs for controlling the servo motor.

The pinSetup() function configures the MSP430 pins for the servo motor. 
The servo motor is connected to pin P6.0, which is set as an output in the function. 
It also enables the peripheral function for the pin.

The ButtonSetup() function configures two buttons, one connected to pin P2.3 and the other connected to pin P4.1. 
Both buttons are set as inputs with pull-up resistors. 
Interrupts are enabled for both buttons, which trigger when the button is pressed or released.

The TimerB3Setup() function configures Timer B3 for generating the PWM signal for the servo motor. 
The timer is set to use the SMCLK clock source and to count up to its maximum value. 
The timer is also set to clear when it overflows and to trigger an interrupt on overflow. 
CCR0 is set to 20000, which corresponds to a frequency of 50 Hz. 
CCR1 is initially set to 1500, which corresponds to a duty cycle of 1.5 ms.

The Port_2() and Port_4() functions are interrupt service routines (ISRs) for the buttons connected to pins P2.3 and P4.1, respectively. 
When the button is pressed, the ISR adjusts the duty cycle of the PWM signal to move the servo motor either left or right. 
The duty cycle is adjusted by adding or subtracting 100 from the current value of CCR1, which corresponds to a change of approximately 5%.

The Timer3_B1_ISR() function is an ISR for Timer B3. It is triggered on overflow and sets the output pin P6.0 to low to end the PWM cycle.

In summary, this code configures the MSP430 pins for controlling a servo motor, sets up a PWM signal using Timer B3, 
and uses interrupts to handle button inputs for controlling the servo motor. 
When a button is pressed, the duty cycle of the PWM signal is adjusted to move the servo motor either left or right. 
The PWM signal is generated at a frequency of 50 Hz and a duty cycle between 1 and 2 ms, which is the typical range for servo motors.
